eleven countries of the world where
women are in high demand demography the
study of populations is a perplexing
thing in one country women greatly
outnumber men in others it's the other
way around
the balance is shifted by migrants
housing crises and even a cultures
mentality statistics show that there are
60 million more men than women living on
our planet but in this video you'll find
a list of countries where it's the
female population that greatly lags
behind that of the male one
some of them might shock you if anything
on this list manages to surprise you
give us a like number eleven Norway in
Norway there are 12 thousand more men
than women although historically the
number of ladies always prevailed in
this northern country the tables were
turned in 2011 since then the number of
men has remained higher 105 guys - 100
gals here and it's not yet clear how to
close this gender gap number 10 Iceland
not as many Icelanders emigrate abroad
nowadays compared to the past
but those who do are mostly men even so
the number of males still significantly
Trump's that of the females in Iceland
there are on average 104 men for every
hundred women there were even rumors
that the Icelandic government was ready
to pay foreign beauties to come to this
country and marry Icelandic men but this
accusation was quickly denied still any
ladies out there thinking about taking
them up on their offer
number nine Canada in Canada the
difference in the number of men versus
women is even bigger there are 250,000
more guys than girls this has to do with
the fact that women there often move to
other countries for work and don't come
back to their homeland even some cities
are more densely male populated than
others most often it happens when a
place houses a military base prison or
some sports facility like a ski resort
so these cities are basically giant man
caves but cities inhabited by a lot of
seniors tend to have more women since
their life expectancy in Canada is much
longer than that of men for example the
2016 census showed a ratio of 54 men to
100 women for those aged from 85 to 99
number 8 Cypress legend has it that
Aphrodite the Greek goddess of love was
born in Cyprus despite this interesting
tidbit women are still the minority here
there are 104 men to 100 women on this
friendly warm Island and even though
there are a lot of female immigrants
arriving each year there's still a
shortage of women in Cyprus are you in
need of some sunshine and a strong man
time to consider this country number 7
China
would you have guessed that there are 34
million more men than women in this
Eastern country a lot of people put the
reason for this down to the government's
former one-child policy and stemming
from that sex selective abortions and
abandoned baby girl's parents preferred
to have a son who would be able to take
care of the family versus a daughter
who'd marry off and join another the
Chinese are allowed to have two kids
nowadays but the damage has already been
done so to every 100 baby girls born
there are 116 boys this huge gender
difference is the most alarming in the
world and although the situation is
getting better the gap is still
noteworthy number six Finland
each year Finland hosts the
wife-carrying World Championship yep
it's a real thing look it up as you can
understand from the name husbands carry
their better halves through an obstacle
course the fastest man gets as much beer
as his wife weighs hmm seems to us the
heavier the wife the better however in
this creative country two hundred and
fifty six thousand men aged through
twenty-five to fifty four have a harder
time finding a lovely lady anybody
willing to help out these poor guys
number five Italy until the 1980s and
90s women tended to stay at home cooking
cleaning and looking after the children
this might be the reason for mommy's mo
a very strong connection between Italian
women and their sons and the tendency of
men to live with their parents until
they reach their mid-30s should you live
with your parents for that long but
nowadays Italian women rarely see
themselves as housewives and are more
focused on building a career if not in
Italy then abroad that's why young
ladies often move to other countries to
work or study leaving gorgeous Italian
guys to live the single life ladies if
we haven't convinced you to pack your
bags yet then surely this will do it
number four Sweden the second
Scandinavian country on our list Swedish
men now outnumber their female
counterparts for the first time since
1749 the time when the first census was
collected women used to be in the
majority here until recently it may seem
baffling until you find out that the
excess of men is due to a large influx
of male refugees coming into the country
at the moment there are almost 15,000
fewer women than men in Sweden number
three
India in India there are 110 men for
every 100 women under the age of 24 in
January 2017 there were 44 million more
males than females you heard us right 44
million this gap has recently started to
narrow but it's still jaw-dropping a
2011 study published in The Canadian
Medical Association Journal revealed
that the reason for such a dramatic
ratio was easy though often illegal
access Indians had a sex selective
abortion resembling what used to be in
China sons are considered more
financially desirable than daughters are
they regretting it now with such a lack
of stunning Indian beauties
number two Switzerland the Swiss are the
happiest nation in the world perhaps
because they eat much more chocolate in
comparison with other nations
chocoholics unite but can you imagine
that this prosperous country legalized
women's voting only in 1971 for
comparison the first country to do it
was New Zealand in 1893 and the United
States passed it in 1920
even more surprising on questions of
gender equality the Swiss lagged behind
most of the countries of Western Europe
you would think that this nation would
respect their lady's equal rights after
all for a hundred and five males there
are only 100 females number one England
while there are more girls than boys
born in England the inhabitants there
faced another problem here the equal
rights mentality is a bit more developed
than in Switzerland there's no
stereotype that a woman should earn less
money than a man therefore young ladies
here have great careers and go abroad to
develop their skills even more as a
result these brainy English babes have
left the men to fend for themselves at
home so where would you go to save the
lonely hearts of handsome guys reveal
the secret in the comments below share
this video with your friends and who
knows you or someone you know might be
booking their flight tomorrow by the way
if this video gets 10,000 likes we'll
tell you about the most romantic nations
in the world - stay tuned and keep track
of all the useful and interesting videos
we have remember to subscribe to our
Channel this way you'll always stay on
the bright side of life
you